(ASTERIUS snort)
[OTTARL] Just up ahead...
[OTTARL] ...lies
the one you seek.
(ASTERIUS grunt)
[ASTERIUS, internal] Ever since
then, I have had a dream...
[ASTERIUS, internal] A dream
of doing battle with but a
single person...
(Opening song, "over and over")
[FELS] You want
the Xenos to die?!
[FELS] What on earth is the
meaning of this, Lord Hermes?!
[HERMES] Consider it a trade...
Or perhaps... a simple request.
[HERMES] As it stands, it won't
be long before the Loki Familia
tracks you down....
(GLOS sigh)
However... there is another
entrance in.
And if you agree to hear out
my idea... I'll tell you where.
[HERMES] And in exchange...
[HESTIA] Fels, we're in trouble!
(FELS notice)
[HESTIA] The notebook fell
into a puddle, but the ink
didn't smear.
[HESTIA] It's a fake!
(HERMES smirk)
[HESTIA] Uranus... No,
that jerk Hermes must've...
[HESTIA] Hey! Are you
listening to me?!
(FELS frustrated)
[HESTIA] Fels-!
[FELS] What is it that
you want, Lord Hermes?
(HERMES chuckle)
Daedalus's notebook was
a fake the whole time!
[LILI] No way! It was a fake!?
Why would someone do
that... Any clue?!
(HESTIA hesitant)
[HESTIA] I'm not sure...
I don't really know why,
but I have a bad
feeling about this.
Are the Xenos in danger?
[LILI] (gasp) You think?
[HESTIA] Oh man.
This has Hermes
written all over it.
He's up to something...
(GLOS roaring)
(BELL notice)
(ALL gasp)
[HESTIA] It can't be...
(GLOS roaring)
[GUILE] What the...?!
[MORD] Where is it?!?
That thing sounds nearby!
[SCOTT] Hey, uh,
Mord... Up there.
[BYSTANDER A] Look!
(MORD huh?)
[BYSTANDER B] Whoa!
[BYSTANDER C] They're
coming this way!
[BYSTANDER A] Oh crap!
[MORD] What the hell...?
(BYSTANDER B scream)
(TOWNSPEOPLE
screaming and panic)
[BYSTANDER C] Run!
[REHMER] Stay put...
Don't leave.
[EINA] Yessir!
(GLOS roaring)
(ADVENTURERS pain)
[GUILD EMPLOYEE] Adventurers,
prepare to engage!
(GLOS roaring)
(HIPPOGRIFF screeching)
(OUKA struggle)
[OUKA] Chigusa!
Get them to safety!
[CHIGUSA] Ah-...Alright!
[CHIGUSA] Hurry, come with me!
(CHILDREN scared)
[HARUHIME] It's Master Glos!
(XENOS fighting)
[HESTIA] What could they be
doing...?
[BELL] It can't be!
[BELL] But why though?!
(HESTIA gasp)
(BELL sprint)
[HESTIA] W-wait a minute, Bell!
[HESTIA] (irritated)
What is happening?!
[HESTIA] There's no logical
reason to force the Xenos
into a situation like this.
What is your goal
here... Hermes...?
[HERMES] Just Think of it as
a performance... if you will.
The plaza is our theater...
and the civilians are
our audience.
[HERMES] Creatures and
adventurers alike have their
respective roles to play.
(BELL grunting)
(land) (run/jump)
[HERMES] The stage is set,
awaiting the debut of our brave,
beloved hero who rushes
headlong into battle.
(BELL running)
[GLOS] Ah...
Which means that
our job is to die
on behalf of the
brat's reputation.
(FELS gasp)
[GLOS] In order to
restore his honor,
he must execute us in front
of the general public.
(laugh) Well that
would certainly
speed things up wouldn't it?
[HERMES] But yes.
[HERMES] I wouldn't go so far as
to say all of you need to die...
Maybe three or four of your
choosing should be more than
sufficient enough.
(LIDO distraught)
[GLOS] In that case...
I volunteer.
(BOTH shock)
[LIDO] W-wait...!
[GLOS] We do not have much
of a choice in the matter.
[GLOS] Everything rests
in this god's hands.
(ADVENTURER C pain)
(TOWNSPEOPLE screaming
and panic)
(GLOS notice)
[EINA] Come along, this way!
Please follow the Ganesha
Familia's instructions!
(GLOS gasp)
[ADVENTURER F]
Hold it right there!
(GLOS roaring)
[EINA] Please don't panic!
[EINA] Huh?
(EINA notice)
(GLOS roaring)
(EINA gasp)
(BELL grunting)
[EINA] Ahh- Thank you Bell!
[BELL] Stand back, Miss Eina!
(GLOS roaring)
(BELL gasp)
[BELL, internal] Has
he lost his mind?!
(GLOS roar)
Courageous gargoyle..
Would you please tell
me your name?
[GLOS] ...Glos.
[HERMES] Thank you, Glos.
Monster though you may be....
I'd like to address
you properly.
[GLOS] What is this?
This special item will
respond to a certain
person whom he holds dear.
[HERMES] Be sure
to attack her first.
[GLOS] Understood.
[GLOS, internal] So this is
how I return the favor, huh?
[GLOS, internal]
Falter not, boy.
[GLOS, internal] Or else...
I shall rip her limb from limb!
(GLOS attack)
(ALL running)
[WELF] Ya' see this!?
What the hell?!
Are we sure that it's the Xenos?
(panting) Why would
they suddenly rampage?
[HESTIA] No doubt Hermes
must've put 'em up to it.
[HESTIA] Let's hurry!
[HERMES] Welp.
[HERMES] Sorry, Uranus....
About this mess.
[HERMES] Coexisting alongside
monsters? Don't make me laugh!
[HERMES] What do you think would
happen if we tried to reverse
thousands of years' worth of
history and hatred?
[HERMES] Nobody wants a hero
who associates with a bunch
of freaks.
It's time to get back to
your roots, Bell... Got it?!
[HERMES] Let's get you slaying
some monsters again.
[HERMES] Wipe 'em out... rescue
the people... and come back as a
hero! (BELL grunt)
[HESTIA] There he is!
[LIDO] Are we just going
to let this happen!?
(ALL surprised)
[LIDO] I mean, sure. From
Bellcchi's point of view,
this may very well be
the best course of action.
[LIDO] But turnin' our backs on
Glos seems wrong, doesn't it?!
(REI distressed)
[LIDO] Headin' back to the
Dungeon without them... I'm
not sure how I feel about this.
[FELS] You're mistaken, Lido.
[FELS] Have faith.
(ALL shock)
[FELS] I believe that foolish
boy shall rise above the will
of the gods.
(BELL struggle)
[BELL, internal] Why...?
(GLOS effort)
(BELL block)
[BELL, internal] Mr. Glos...
Why?!
(GLOS grunting)
[WIENE] It might not be
possible right now...
[WIENE] But if there are other
people out there as kind as Bell
and his friends,
our dreams might well
come true one day!
(BELL struggling)
[CITIZEN A] (glance) Hey check
it out! It's the Loki Familia!
(TOWNSPEOPLE surprised)
(GLOS notice)
[GLOS] This is it...
[GLOS, internal] But Bell Cranel
shall be the one to defeat me.
[GLOS, internal] It must be you!
[GLOS] Brace yourself, boy!
(BELL gasp)
(GLOS dive bomb)
[BELL'S GRANDPA] Never allow
others to dictate your actions.
[BELL'S GRANDPA]
This... is your life.
(BELL deep breath)
(GLOS shock) (back off)
(HERMES sigh)
[HERMES] Oh, Bell...
You truly are a genuine fool.
[HERMES] Asfi, work your magic.
[ASFI] I will not...
ask for forgiveness.
[HESTIA] Be careful Bell...
(ASTERIUS growling)
(ALL gasp)
(ASTERIUS big roar) (growling)
(BOTH gasp)
[BELL] Miss Eina!
(BELL shock)
(ASTERIUS roaring)
(BELL brace)
(BELL pain)
(BELL realize)
(BELL gasp)
[ASTERIUS] For a long, long
time, I have had a dream...
(BELL surprised)
[ASTERIUS] A dream of doing
battle with but a single person.
[ASTERIUS] Amidst a cascade of
flesh and blood in our fight to
the death,
he is of unmatched strength.
A worthy opponent that I am
destined to face.
[ASTERIUS] I stand before you
now in the hopes of meeting said
person.
(BELL pain)
[ASTERIUS] My name
is Asterius.
I would... like
to know yours.
(BELL strain breath)
[BELL] It's Bell.
[BELL] Bell Cranel.
[ASTERIUS] Bell, grant me...
[ASTERIUS] ...a rematch!
(ASTERIUS howl)
(BELL focus)
[WELF] What the hell
were you thinking?!
[LILI] You realize we risked our
lives for you, right?!
Do you really want all of our
hard work to go to waste?!
[GLOS] W-wait, I can explain...!
[HESTIA] Our main priority right
now is to get them out of here.
[HESTIA] Haruhime... you gave an
oculus to Wiene, didn't you?
[HARUHIME] That's right...
I gave her mine... when we
parted ways.
[HESTIA] Perfect.
Now's our chance to meet up with
the others in Knossos!
(fighting)
(BELL gasping) (dodge)
(ASTERIUS yell)
(ASTERIUS gasp) (attack)
(BELL flung)
(ALL gasp)
(BELL pain)
[OUKA] Bell!
[EINA] Are you okay!?
(ALL gasp)
(ASTERIUS howling)
(BELL charge)
(ASTERIUS grunt)
[TIONA] Oh come on! What gives?!
[TIONA] I wanted to get in on
the action with Mr. Argonaut,
not you guys!
[TIONE] What the hell is
your problem? How dare
you interfere?!
[ALLEN] His manhood rides
on this fight.
[ALLEN] So you oughtta keep
your noses out of it.
[FINN] A fine job, Ottarl.
It seems that your Familia has
successfully interfered...
you prevented others
from getting involved.
[OTTARL] ...All in accordance
with my goddess' wishes.
(HESTIA worried)
[MIKOTO] It's time...
Let's get moving.
[HESTIA] Right.
[HERMES] What's going on down
there? You seeing this?! What
the hell?!
[ASFI] The Xenos slipped away
from us during the chaos.
I think... They're likely
headed towards Knossos with
the help of Lady Hestia.
(frustrated) That damn monster
threw a wrench in my plans...
Now everything is gonna
go up in smoke...!
(HERMES laugh)
[HERMES] Fine, I admit it!
I lost! You happy now?!
[HERMES] How was I supposed
to know that things would
turn out like this?!
(BOTH struggle)
[HERMES] Nobody's ever been this
excited about one of my plans!
[HERMES] Even I couldn't have
come up
with something that'd
top this fight!
[HERMES] You knew,
didn't you, Zeus?
That a boy who defied the
will of the gods would
shine brightest of all...!
(TOWNSPEOPLE nervous muttering
and gasps)
[CITIZEN B] Come on...
[CITIZEN A] You can do
it Bell...! (surprised)
(MORD push)
[MORD] Give 'em hell,
Little Rookie!
(TOWNSPEOPLE shouting/cheering)
(BELL notice) (roll) (intense)
(ASTERIUS amused)
(BELL charge)
(ASTERIUS attack)
(BELL gasp)
[HERMES] Well dammit...
I look like such a clown!
[HERMES] The Sage's wisdom...
Braver's strategies...
...and the meddling of a god
smashed to pieces... by pure,
unadulterated power!
[HERMES] Ooh, She got me good...
[HERMES] I'd imagine that you're
reveling in this moment...
Lady Freya.
I hope you can forgive me,
Hermes... for commandeering
your grand stage.
[FREYA] And thank you as well.
[FREYA] Welcome.
[FREYA] Your final showdown
shall take place...
right here.
(fighting)
(ASTERIUS attack)
[BELL] I want to win...
[BELL] I'm going... to win!
(BELL flung) (land)
(TOWNSPEOPLE concern)
(BELL brace)
(ASTERIUS charge)
(BELL effort)
(TOWNSPEOPLE gasps and panic)
[GANESHA FAMILIA MEMBER A]
Huh!? What the heck?
Hey! Let's go tell Lord Ganesha!
[GANESHA] Nay!
(GANESHA FAMILIA
MEMBER A surprised)
[GANESHA] It would be rude to
interrupt such a manly fight.
[GANESHA] The safety of the
citizens is our number one
priority!
(BELL grunt)
[GANESHA, internal]
Don't let up, boy.
[GANESHA, internal] Push onward.
So sayeth, Ganesha.
(BELL swing) (big swing)
(effort)
(ASTERIUS attack)
(BELL dodge)
(ASTERIUS straining)
[BELL] Fire Bolt!
(ASTERIUS pain)
(BELL jump back) (charge)
(swing)
(BELL pain)
(BELL heavy breathing)
(bells tolling)
[BELL, internal] I want to get
stronger...
[BELL, internal] ...so I
don't lose anything else
important to me.
(ASTERIUS growl)
[BELL, internal] I want...
[BELL, internal] I
want to be a hero!
(ASTERIUS big charge)
(BELL big attack)
(WIENE notice)
(BELL struggle)
(ASTERIUS struggle)
(BELL straining)
(ASTERIUS effort)
(ASTERIUS deep breath) (roar)
(roar)
(BELL pain)
(BOTH gasp) (dodge)
(BELL brace)
(cough blood)
(pain/wheezing)
(BELL notice)
[ASTERIUS] This makes us even.
(BELL gasping)
[ASTERIUS] Bell...
our next match shall
be the last.
[BELL] I lost...
[BELL] But... it
was for the best.
[BELL] I was fighting for
a... a worthy cause.
(BELL choked up)
[BELL] What am I saying?
[BELL] What have I
actually accomplished?
[BELL] I wanted...
I wanted to win!
(BELL sobbing)
(Ending Song, "Evergreen")
[EINA] Oh, Bell...
[LIDO] Sorry 'bout
the trouble, Fels.
[LIDO] Makin' you use your magic
to patch everybody up...
That was certainly a lot
to ask of you.
[FELS] Nonsense.
[FELS] From the moment
that I decided to join
you and your cause,
I have prepared myself
for anything.
(LIDO touched)
[LIDO] Thanks.
[LIDO] That bein' said...
you got the devil's luck,
don'tcha, ole Glos'y boy?
(GLOS startled)
[GLOS] I should have died...
[REI] Come now...
you would do well not
being so morbid, okay.
(BOTH acknowledge)
(LIDO acknowledge)
Glad your okay! Glos!
[FELS] Speaking of which,
Lido... Where is he?
(LIDO realize)
(GLOS grunt)
[LIDO] He's already on his way
back down to the deeper floors.
[LIDO] He's going on another one
of his training missions.
[LIDO] Needs to get even
stronger, he said.
[ADVENTURER H] Rumor has it
that the Loki Familia
rounded up all the monsters
and finished 'em off.
[ADVENTURER A] Incredible...
[ADVENTURER A] Well, I suppose
that means we can relax now.
(EINA smile)
[WELF] "The Little Rookie's
Miraculous Survival."
Are you kidding me?
What a bunch'a crap.
[MIKOTO] Isn't this a good
thing? We managed to clear
the air at least.
[LILI] And everything's
gone back to normal.
[MIKOTO] I wouldn't
go that far...
(LILI notice)
(question)
(HARUHIME somber)
[HESTIA] Are you
alright... Haruhime?
Oh? I am... We'll meet again...
We made a promise after all.
(HESTIA happy) (sigh)
[WELF] That just leaves Bell...
[LILI] So uh, Lady Hestia...
is Master Bell...?
[HESTIA] Mmhm... He's
out there again today.
(bell ringing)
(HESTIA notice)
[HERMES] Howdy!
(angry)
[HESTIA] Get lost, creep!
(HERMES pain)
(BELL notice)
[BELL] Miss Ais...
[BELL] What're you...
doing here?
[AIS] I'm not sure...
[AIS] Something told
me... that I might run
into you here though.
[BELL] Oh yeah? You mean it?
[AIS] Yes.
[BELL] Miss Ais.
[AIS] Hmm?
[BELL] Would you be
willing to train me again?
[AIS] Even after all that?
[BELL] Yes.
[AIS] You're relentless,
aren't you?
[BELL] I need you...
[BELL] to help me...
I want to get stronger.